one of the females is on heat it's her
choice and she's unpredictable a chance
for fatherhood is up for grabs
fights quickly break out the object of
their affection just sits and waits
whilst the squabbles continue one sneaky
young male sees an opportunity to make
his move he hopes to win her heart by
more subtle means with an air of
nonchalance he settles down and begins
to smear scent onto his tail from glands
on his wrists the perfume he wafts over
her will tell her a lot about what he
has to offer as a potential partner
and he just might offer something that
the other males don't he may not be the
strongest fighter but the very latest
science suggests that his scent might
contain clues to a different strength
his ability to fight illness and
parasites which he could pass on to her
offspring he's still not convinced maybe
she should wait for the outcome of the
fight the battle continues unresolved so
she leads him off to somewhere quieter
his sneaky seduction has finally won her
over and they head off for some
undercover love